README.md, before:

# vue-typescript-admin-mock-server

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Template from jarvis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hi-Jarvis-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/Armour/Jarvis)

Mock server for [vue-typecript-admin-template](https://github.com/Armour/vue-typescript-admin-template) project

## Overview

The js code in this project is generated from typescript version code located at [here](https://github.com/Armour/vue-typescript-admin-template/tree/full-features/mock)

## Set up

First install all dependencies:

```bash
yarn # OR npm install
```

Then you can run the server up:

```bash
yarn mock # OR npm run mock
```

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Armour/vue-typescript-admin-mock-server/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License

[MIT License](https://github.com/Armour/vue-typescript-admin-mock-server/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Fix(now): serve all js files under `/mock/` path

README.md, after:

# vue-typescript-admin-mock-server

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Template from jarvis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hi-Jarvis-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/Armour/Jarvis)

Mock server for [vue-typecript-admin-template](https://github.com/Armour/vue-typescript-admin-template) project

## Overview

The js code under `mock` folder in this project was generated from the typescript source code located at [here](https://github.com/Armour/vue-typescript-admin-template/tree/full-features/mock)

## Set up

First install all dependencies:

```bash
yarn # OR npm install
```

Then you can set up the server:

```bash
yarn mock # OR npm run mock
```

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Armour/vue-typescript-admin-mock-server/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License

[MIT License](https://github.com/Armour/vue-typescript-admin-mock-server/blob/master/LICENSE)
